---
layout: page
redirect_from: /trainings/2015-01-berkeley-dlab.html
---
<!-- title: Berkeley D-Lab -- Jan 2015 -->


# Potential instructors

Currently, this training is being organized here (via pull requests), and on the
related [issue on the github
tracker](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/python-berkeley/issues/37).

Below is an incomplete schematic of what the course will hopefully look like,
including instructors that I think could work for that day. Currently, if an
instructor is listed below, it does NOT mean they are actually committed to
teaching that day!

Sign-up pages are up on the D-Lab site for
[FUNdamentals](http://dlab.berkeley.edu/training/programming-fundamentals-0)
(the first day, Monday), and the
[intensive](http://dlab.berkeley.edu/training/python-intensive-2)
(Tuesday-Friday). We'll probably have a party at the end, as per usual.

## Getting ready

Please download and install BCE 0.2 for VirtualBox. Links and instructions are
[here](http://collaboratool.berkeley.edu/using-virtualbox.html). NOTE - BCE 0.2
IS NOT YET RELEASED. URL IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE!

And, while you're looking ahead to our training, check out our [Learning
Resources](learning_resources.html).

## Agenda and Instructors

Please note that the class will proceed at the pace of the students. Topics
below are meant as guidelines, and are not guaranteed!


### Monday, Jan 12 (FUNdamentals)

Instructor (confirmed!): @rochelleterman

Learn about the command line (in particular, installing packages and running
scripts), PyCharm (and the general idea of text editors), and the IPython
notebook (including the NBviewer).

 - [Etherpad for the class]()
 - [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RwrP4171VsgA-cj4p9h5bfOgZ4xWzH4Op_RlXqBgIss/edit?usp=sharing) (instructor is welcome to change)
 - [Git Fundamentals on GitHub](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/git-fundamentals)


### Tuesday, Jan 13

Instructor: @omoju

 - Drawing things
 - Text analysis of Hip Hop lyrics with Python

 - Basic operations
 - reusable code
 - and testing
 - [Etherpad for Python day 1]()
 - [Python FUNdamentals on GitHub](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/python-fundamentals)
 - [Intro Notebook](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/python-fundamentals/blob/master/cheat-sheets/01-Intro.ipynb)
 - [Functions Notebook](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/python-fundamentals/blob/master/cheat-sheets/02-Functions%20and%20Using%20Modules.ipynb)


### Wednesday, Jan 14

Instructor: @emhart  
Assisting: @rochelleterman

 - Strings (and using methods)
 - making choices
 - [Etherpad for Python day 2]()
 - Continue using resources from Tuesday!


### Thursday, Jan 15

Instructor: @takluyver  
Assisting: @rdhyee

 - containers
 - Repeating things
 - [Etherpad for Python day 3]()
 - Continue using resources from Tuesday and Wednesday!
 - [Scrape the web](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/scenarios/scrape/)


### Friday, Jan 16

Instructor: @davclark

## Join The Community!

We keep track of our *Friday 4:30-6pm meetings* on our [events page](/events).
**We'll have a meeting right after the Friday class.** (TBD)

Upcoming events, and links to our mailing list and calendar, along with our
sister organization, The Hacker Within, are always available in the side bar at
the right (or above on mobile/narrow browsers). All are welcome! Sometimes there
are better resources (like [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com), or even
just Google), but the Berkeley Python community is always happy to get you
moving in the right direction.
